IBX-7501: Editing embedded content items described in User Documentation (#259)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/content_management/create_edit_content_items.md

Each of these elements can have its own settings, such as text formatting.
The option bar also lets you reorder or remove any elements in the Rich Text Field.

### Edit embedded Content items

> You can edit embedded Content items without leaving current window.

Author: Yes, agree. "Edit embedded Content items" section is inside of the "Edit Rich Text Fields" section, so there is no need to repeat "(...) within the Rich Text Field (...)". Original sentence is shorter and provides exactly the same information.

> You can edit embedded Content items without leaving current window.

Reviewer: You are right, originally it was not inside Edit RTF" section, hence the comment.

To do it, first insert selected Content item in the Rich Text Field.
Then, click the icon on the right side and click **Edit**.

![Edit embedded Content item](img/edit_embedded_item_richtext.png "Edit embedded Content item")

> This action opens a new tab in the browser with an editing screen of the selected Content item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action opens a new browser tab with an editing screen of the selected Content item.
```

> When you finish editing the item, click **Publish**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are done editing the item, click **Publish**.
```

Reviewer 2: Let's avoid passive voice.

> To see implemeneted changes refresh the browser page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now close the additional browser tab and refresh the original editing view to see the changes.
```

Author: In my opinion, the shorter, the better.

> To see implemeneted changes refresh the browser page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see implemented changes refresh the browser page.
```

> If the Content item has more than one translation available, you need to select the language.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![Edit embedded Content item - select language](img/edit_embedded_item_language_richtext.png "Edit embedded Content item - select language")

> This option is also available when you want to set up a [relation](../configure_ct_field_settings/#content-relation-settings) with another Content item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! tip

	Editing another Content item in an external window is also available when you are setting a [relation](../configure_ct_field_settings/#content-relation-settings) with another Content item.
```

Author: I'd keep it as a sentence, not as a tip.
